com.qjy.demos.chart.MainActivity
com.qjy.demos.chart.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.qjy.demos.chart.MainActivity: void btnAdd(android.view.View)
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$drawable: int cat
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$drawable: int edt_bg
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$drawable: int left
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$drawable: int right
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$drawable: int rightt
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$id: int action_settings
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$id: int btn_send
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$id: int edt_info
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$id: int gridView_dialog
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$id: int img_lefticon
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$id: int img_righticon
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$id: int imgbtn_expression
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$id: int list_main
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$id: int txt_content
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$id: int txt_right_content
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$id: int txt_right_time
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$id: int txt_time
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$layout: int activity_main
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$layout: int dialog_addimg
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$layout: int item_gridview
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$layout: int item_left
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$layout: int item_right
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$menu: int main
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$string: int action_settings
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$string: int app_name
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$string: int hello_world
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.qjy.demos.chart.R$style: int AppTheme
com.qjy.demos.chart.service.MyServer
com.qjy.demos.chart.service.MyServer: MyServer()
